Three things are immediately noticeable upon reviewing the code for the Engineering, Computers, Aviation, Mathematics, and Science (ECAMS) billboard project. The first is that there are three separate repositories for this project. The second is that these repositories have labels that correspond to their functionality. The third is that each repository has a simple README file which establishes additional functions or services that are required at an individual level.  After reviewing the code from the previous semester, the following minimum viable product (MVP) has been agreed upon by members of team Scrumdiddliumptious for the ECAMS billboard project. The MVP is as such: the ECAMS billboard project will display an image carousel and table containing an updated list of ECAMS instructors on a monitor in the ECAMS hallway. 
For ease of maintenance and upkeep done by the team, the MVP must be broken up into three sections. Each section will contain a separate aspect of MVP. The following are the three main sections for the ECAMS billboard project. They are the static web page which the user interacts with, the application programming interface (API) web page which the static web page pulls functionality from, and the admin control panel (ACP). Implementation and maintenance of the ECAMS project can be broken into two sections: front-end support and back-end support.
The following are guidelines for maintaining the front-end portion of the ECAMS billboard. First, team members will check on the displayed web page in the ECAMS hallway in the Academic Science Center to ensure that the screen is functional, the web page is running, and the Raspberry Pi is powered on as well. Second, team members will maintain the image carousel. This is to ensure that if more images are to be added, it can easily be done. Third, team members will maintain an accurate list of professors and their office numbers. This is to ensure that students who utilize this product can find their instructor and where their office is located.  Fourth, the team must ensure that the web page is visually appealing to the user, to encourage user interaction. 
The following are guidelines for maintaining the back-end portion of the ECAMS billboard. First, each remote repository must have a protected master branch. This is to ensure the support of a continuous working product. Second, team members will maintain a clean individual working branch supported by GitHub. This is necessary to ensure that the master branch is not corrupted through the implementation of incomplete code. Third, each team member must develop new features on a test branch. This ensures peer review before pushing code to the protected master branch. Fourth, duplicates of web pages and web servers must be hosted on Azure by team members. This measure is used as protection against any potential crash. Additionally, the team will also be maintaining the source code in the latest versions of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This is done to ensure the functionality of the source code as the versions change over time. It also allows for security protection, as updates often include patches for bugs found in code. 
